update RFC curator workflow docs (#38)
nf-core/proposals: README.md

- [ ] If a proposal is accepted, update both the label AND status to 'accepted', and when closing select 'Close as completed'
- [ ] If a proposal is turned down, update both the label AND status to 'turned-down', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'
- [ ] If a proposal is not completed or abandoned after a year, update both the label AND status to 'timed-out', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'

### Request for Comment (RFC)

The curator workflow is as follows:

- [ ] Once a issue is made, update the 'Project' status to 'proposed' (right hand side bar, under 'new-<TYPE>-proposals')
- [ ] Facilitate discussion on the the Issue thread, following the guidance [here](https://nf-co.re/docs/contributing/project_proposals).

> - [ ] Acceptance requires a minimum of OKs from:
>   - Two members of the core team.
>   - One member of the core team and one member of the maintainers team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Acceptance requires quorum from the nf-core core team, done via voting in comments with `/accept` or `/reject`
```

> - [ ] If a proposal is accepted, update both the label AND status to 'accepted', and when closing select 'Close as completed'
> - [ ] If a proposal is turned down, update both the label AND status to 'turned-down', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If a proposal is accepted, update both the issue label AND project status to 'accepted', and when closing select 'Close as completed'
- [ ] If a proposal is turned down, update both the issue label AND project status to 'turned-down', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'
```

> - [ ] If a proposal is not completed or abandoned after a year, update both the label AND status to 'timed-out', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'

Reviewer: We have different criteria for RFCs - see docs

Author: yeah, I was just doing this PR as a placeholder, while I work on some RFCs and complete it

- [ ] If a proposal is turned down, update both the label AND status to 'turned-down', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'
- [ ] If a proposal is not completed or abandoned after a year, update both the label AND status to 'timed-out', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'

### Request for Comment (RFC)

The curator workflow is as follows:

- [ ] Once a issue is made, update the 'Project' status to 'proposed' (right hand side bar, under 'new-<TYPE>-proposals')
- [ ] Facilitate discussion on the the Issue thread, following the guidance [here](https://nf-co.re/docs/contributing/project_proposals).
- [ ] Acceptance requires quorum from the nf-core core team, done via voting in comments with `/accept` or `/reject`
- [ ] If a proposal is turned down, update both the label AND status to 'turned-down', and when closing select 'Close as not planned'
- [ ] If a proposal is accepted, update both the label AND status to 'accepted', and ask the champion to write a formal RFC and begin initial development.
- [ ] When the PR is opened the corresponding issue can be closed.
- [ ] Verify that feedback has been provided to the champion.

> - [ ] Propose an optional Bytesize talk about the proposal.

Reviewer 2: Give a link to the channel for bytesize proposals

Author: We should the bytesize proposal to this repo...
I'll propose that during the next outreach meeting

Reviewer 2: Good idea
